# Model folder readme file
Author: Ally Sprik \
Last edit: 2024-02-28

## Description
This  folder contains the files I used to analyse the models in the internship. 

## Files
- `ESGO_validation_notebooks` folder: This folder contains the notebooks: `Brno_validation.ipynb` and `Model_comparison_imputed.ipynb`. They are copies of the ones in the main folder, but have my implementation of the ESGO risk classification algorithm added.
- `Transfer_results` folder: This folder is used to transfer results between the KFoldBrnoValidation.rmd and KFoldBrnoValidation.ipynb files.
- `Brno_validation.ipynb`: This Notebook validates the model trained on the extended training cohort on the Brno validation cohort.
- `Code_snippets.ipynb`: This contains some standard code snippets used during the internship
- `fullPanelMinimalSets.csv`: This file contains saved data from the minimal set analysis, since this is expensive to run.
- `fullPanelMinimalSets.ipynb`: This notebook generates all the possible minimal preoperative evidence sets, then uses them to evaluate the model with all additions on the Brno validation cohort. A simple analysis is performed to see which sets and variables are most informative.
- `KFoldBrnoValidation.ipynb`: This notebook takes in the data generated by `KFoldBrnoValidation.rmd` to analyse the results and generate cross-validation figures.
- `KFoldBrnoValidation.rmd`: This R markdown file performs a K-fold cross-validation on the Brno validation cohort. It saves it to `Transfer_results`, which is then imported to `KFoldBrnoValidation.ipynb` to generate results.
- `MAYO-CA125-Comparison.ipynb`: This notebook compares the performance of the model on the original MAYO cohort, the MAYO cohort with CA125 imputed, and a completely imputed MAYO dataset.
- `MAYO_model_comparison.ipynb`: This notebook compares the performance of the different models in the MAYO cohort.
- `Model_comparison_imputed.ipynb`: This notebook compares the performance of the models on imputed datasets.
- `PIPENDO_Validation.ipynb`: This notebook validates the models trained on the extended training cohort on the PIPENDO validation cohort.
- `Results_Abstract.ipynb`: This notebook was created to generate some specific results for an abstract.
- `TUE_validation.ipynb`: This notebook validates the models trained on the extended training cohort on the TUE validation cohort.